docs/src/tutorials/creating_system.md, before:

# Create and Explore a Power `System`

Welcome to PowerSystems.jl!

In this tutorial, we will create a power system and add some components to it,
including some nodes, a transmission line, load, and both renewable
and fossil fuel generators. Then we will retrieve data from the system and explore the
system settings.

## Setup

To get started, ensure you have followed the [installation instructions](@ref install).

Start Julia from the command line if you haven't already:

```
$ julia
```

Load the PowerSystems.jl package:

```@repl basics
using PowerSystems
```

## Creating a Power `System`

In PowerSystems.jl, data is held in a [`System`](@ref) that holds all of the individual components
along with some metadata about the power system itself.

There are many ways to define a `System`, but let's start with an empty system.
All we need to define is a base power of 100 MVA for [per-unitization](@ref per_unit).

```@repl basics
sys = System(100.0)
```

Notice that this system is a 60 Hz system with a base power of 100 MVA.

Now, let's add some components to our system.

## Adding Buses

We'll start by creating some buses. By referring to the documentation for
[ACBus](@ref), notice that we need define some basic data, including the bus's
unique identifier and name, base voltage, and whether it's a [load, generator,
or reference bus](@ref acbustypes_list).

Let's start with a reference bus:

```@repl basics
bus1 = ACBus(;
    number = 1,
    name = "bus1",
    bustype = ACBusTypes.REF,
    angle = 0.0,
    magnitude = 1.0,
    voltage_limits = (min = 0.9, max = 1.05),
    base_voltage = 230.0,
);
```

This bus is on a 230 kV AC transmission network, with an allowable voltage range of
0.9 to 1.05 p.u. We are assuming it is currently operating at 1.0 p.u. voltage and
an angle of 0 radians.

Let's add this bus to our `System` with `add_component!`:

```@repl basics
add_component!(sys, bus1)
```

We can see the impact this has on the `System` simply by printing it:

```@repl basics
sys
```

Notice that `System` now shows a summary of components in the system.

Let's create a second bus:

```@repl basics
bus2 = ACBus(;
    number = 2,
    name = "bus2",
    bustype = ACBusTypes.PV,
    angle = 0.0,
    magnitude = 1.0,
    voltage_limits = (min = 0.9, max = 1.05),
    base_voltage = 230.0,
);
```

Notice that we've defined this bus with [power and voltage variables](@ref acbustypes_list),
suitable for power flow studies.

Let's also add this to our `System`:

```@repl basics
add_component!(sys, bus2)
```

Now, let's use [`show_components`](@ref) to quickly see some basic information about the buses:

```@repl basics
show_components(sys, ACBus)
```

## Adding a Transmission Line

Let's connect our buses. We'll add a transmission [`Line`](@ref) between `bus1` and `bus2`.

!!! warning
    
    When defining a line that isn't attached to a `System` yet, you must define the
    thermal rating of the transmission line in per-unit using the base power of the
    `System` you plan to connect it to -- in this case, 100 MVA.

```@repl basics
line = Line(;
    name = "line1",
    available = true,
    active_power_flow = 0.0,
    reactive_power_flow = 0.0,
    arc = Arc(; from = bus1, to = bus2),
    r = 0.00281, # Per-unit
    x = 0.0281, # Per-unit
    b = (from = 0.00356, to = 0.00356), # Per-unit
    rating = 2.0, # Line rating of 200 MVA / System base of 100 MVA
    angle_limits = (min = -0.7, max = 0.7),
);
```

Note that we also had to define an [`Arc`](@ref) in the process to define the connection between
the two buses.

Let's also add this to our `System`:

```@repl basics
add_component!(sys, line)
```

Finally, let's check our `System` summary to see all the network topology components we have added
are attached:

```@repl basics
sys
```

## Adding Loads and Generators

Now that our network topology is complete, we'll start adding components that [inject](@ref I) or
withdraw power from the network.

!!! warning
    
    When you define components that aren't attached to a `System` yet, you must define
    all fields related to power (with units such as MW, MVA, MVAR, or MW/min) in
    per-unit using the `base_power` of the component (with the exception of `base_power`
    itself, which is in MVA).

We'll start with defining a 10 MW [load](@ref PowerLoad) to `bus1`:

```@repl basics
load = PowerLoad(;
    name = "load1",
    available = true,
    bus = bus1,
    active_power = 0.0, # Per-unitized by device base_power
    reactive_power = 0.0, # Per-unitized by device base_power
    base_power = 10.0, # MVA
    max_active_power = 1.0, # 10 MW per-unitized by device base_power
    max_reactive_power = 0.0,
);
```

Notice that we defined the `max_active_power`, which is 10 MW, as 1.0 in per-unit using the
`base_power` of 10 MVA. We've also used the `bus1` component itself to define where this
load is located in the network.

Now add the load to the system:

```@repl basics
add_component!(sys, load)
```

Finally, we'll add two generators: one renewable and one thermal.

We'll add a 5 MW solar power plant to `bus2`:

```@repl basics
solar = RenewableDispatch(;
    name = "solar1",
    available = true,
    bus = bus2,
    active_power = 0.0, # Per-unitized by device base_power
    reactive_power = 0.0, # Per-unitized by device base_power
    rating = 1.0, # 5 MW per-unitized by device base_power
    prime_mover_type = PrimeMovers.PVe,
    reactive_power_limits = (min = 0.0, max = 0.05), # 0 MVAR to 0.25 MVAR per-unitized by device base_power
    power_factor = 1.0,
    operation_cost = RenewableGenerationCost(nothing),
    base_power = 5.0, # MVA
);
```

Note that we've used a generic [renewable generator](@ref RenewableDispatch) to model
solar, but we can specify that it is solar through the [prime mover](@ref pm_list).

Finally, we'll also add a 30 MW gas [thermal generator](@ref ThermalStandard):

```@repl basics
gas = ThermalStandard(;
    name = "gas1",
    available = true,
    status = true,
    bus = bus2,
    active_power = 0.0, # Per-unitized by device base_power
    reactive_power = 0.0, # Per-unitized by device base_power
    rating = 1.0, # 30 MW per-unitized by device base_power
    active_power_limits = (min = 0.2, max = 1.0), # 6 MW to 30 MW per-unitized by device base_power
    reactive_power_limits = nothing, # Per-unitized by device base_power
    ramp_limits = (up = 0.2, down = 0.2), # 6 MW/min up or down, per-unitized by device base_power
    operation_cost = ThermalGenerationCost(nothing),
    base_power = 30.0, # MVA
    time_limits = (up = 8.0, down = 8.0), # Hours
    must_run = false,
    prime_mover_type = PrimeMovers.CC,
    fuel = ThermalFuels.NATURAL_GAS,
);
```

This time, let's add these components to our `System` using [`add_components!`](@ref)
to add them both at the same time:

```@repl basics
add_components!(sys, [solar, gas])
```

## Explore the System and its Components

Congratulations! You have built a power system including buses, a transmission line, a
load, and different types of generators. Now let's take a look around.

Remember that we can see a summary of our `System` using the print statement:

```@repl basics
sys
```

Now, let's double-check some of our data by retrieving it from the `System`.
Let's use [`show_components`](@ref) again to get an overview of our renewable generators:

```@repl basics
show_components(sys, RenewableDispatch)
```

We just have the one renewable generator named `solar1`. Use `get_component` to
retrieve it by name:

```@repl basics
retrieved_component = get_component(RenewableDispatch, sys, "solar1");
```

Let's double-check what type of renewable generator this is using a `get_` function:

```@repl basics
get_prime_mover_type(retrieved_component)
```

Verify that this a `PVe`, or solar photovoltaic, generator.

Let's also use a `get_` function to double-check where this generator is connected in the
transmission network:

```@repl basics
get_bus(retrieved_component)
```

See that the generator's bus is linked to the actual `bus2` component in our `System`.

These "getter" functions are available for all the data fields in a component.

!!! tip
    
    **Always use the `get_*` functions to retrieve the data within a component.**
    While in Julia a user can use `.` to access the fields of a component, we make no
    guarantees on the stability of field names and locations. We do however promise to
    keep the getter functions stable. PowerSystems.jl also does many internal data
    calculations that the getter functions will properly handle for you, as you'll see
    below.

## Changing `System` Per-Unit Settings

Now, let's use a getter function to look up the solar generator's `rating`:

```@repl basics
get_rating(retrieved_component)
```

!!! tip "Important"
    
    When we defined the solar generator, we defined the rating
    as 1.0 per-unit with a device `base_power` of 5.0 MVA. Notice that the rating now reads
    0.05. After we attached this component to our `System`, its power data is being
    returned to us in the `System`'s units base.

Let's double-check the `System`'s units base:

```@repl basics
get_units_base(sys)
```

`SYSTEM_BASE` means all power-related (MW, MVA, MVAR, MW/min) component data in
the `System`, except for each component's `base_power`, is per-unitized by the
system base power for consistency.

Check the `System`'s base_power again:

```@repl basics
get_base_power(sys)
```

Notice that when we called `get_rating` above, the solar generator's rating, 5.0 MW,
is being returned as 0.05 = (5 MVA)/(100 MVA) using the system base power.

Instead of using the `System` base power, let's view everything in MW or MVA -- or what we
call "NATURAL_UNITS" in PowerSystems.

Change the `System`'s unit system:

```@repl basics
set_units_base_system!(sys, "NATURAL_UNITS")
```

Now retrieve the solar generator's rating again:

```@repl basics
get_rating(retrieved_component)
```

Notice that the value is now its "natural" value, 5.0 MVA.

Finally, let's change the `System`'s unit system to the final option, "DEVICE_BASE":

```@repl basics
set_units_base_system!(sys, "DEVICE_BASE")
```

And retrieve the solar generator's rating once more:

```@repl basics
get_rating(retrieved_component)
```

See that now the data is now 1.0 (5.0 MVA per-unitized by the generator (i.e., the device's)
`base_power` of 5.0 MVA), which is the format we used to originally define the device.

Recall that if you ever need to check a `System`'s settings, including the unit system being
used by all the getter functions, you can always just print the `System`:

```@repl basics
sys
```

See the units base is printed as one of the `System` properties.

## Next Steps

In this tutorial, you manually created a power `System`, added and then retrieved its components,
and modified the `System` per-unit settings.

Next, you might want to:

  - [Add time series data to components in the `System`](@ref tutorial_time_series)
  - [Add necessary data for dynamic simulations](@ref "Adding Data for Dynamic Simulations")
  - Import a `System` [from an existing Matpower or PSSE file](@ref pm_data) or
    [with PSSE dynamic data](@ref dyr_data) instead of creating it manually
  - [Create your own `System` from .csv files instead of creating it manually](@ref table_data)
  - [Read more to understand per-unitization in PowerSystems.jl](@ref per_unit)
  - See a workaround for how to [Add a Component in Natural Units](@ref)

Commit message:

`with_units_base`: fix docstrings, add to tutorial and explanation

docs/src/tutorials/creating_system.md, after:

# Create and Explore a Power `System`

Welcome to PowerSystems.jl!

In this tutorial, we will create a power system and add some components to it,
including some nodes, a transmission line, load, and both renewable
and fossil fuel generators. Then we will retrieve data from the system and explore the
system settings.

## Setup

To get started, ensure you have followed the [installation instructions](@ref install).

Start Julia from the command line if you haven't already:

```
$ julia
```

Load the PowerSystems.jl package:

```@repl basics
using PowerSystems
```

## Creating a Power `System`

In PowerSystems.jl, data is held in a [`System`](@ref) that holds all of the individual components
along with some metadata about the power system itself.

There are many ways to define a `System`, but let's start with an empty system.
All we need to define is a base power of 100 MVA for [per-unitization](@ref per_unit).

```@repl basics
sys = System(100.0)
```

Notice that this system is a 60 Hz system with a base power of 100 MVA.

Now, let's add some components to our system.

## Adding Buses

We'll start by creating some buses. By referring to the documentation for
[ACBus](@ref), notice that we need define some basic data, including the bus's
unique identifier and name, base voltage, and whether it's a [load, generator,
or reference bus](@ref acbustypes_list).

Let's start with a reference bus:

```@repl basics
bus1 = ACBus(;
    number = 1,
    name = "bus1",
    bustype = ACBusTypes.REF,
    angle = 0.0,
    magnitude = 1.0,
    voltage_limits = (min = 0.9, max = 1.05),
    base_voltage = 230.0,
);
```

This bus is on a 230 kV AC transmission network, with an allowable voltage range of
0.9 to 1.05 p.u. We are assuming it is currently operating at 1.0 p.u. voltage and
an angle of 0 radians.

Let's add this bus to our `System` with `add_component!`:

```@repl basics
add_component!(sys, bus1)
```

We can see the impact this has on the `System` simply by printing it:

```@repl basics
sys
```

Notice that `System` now shows a summary of components in the system.

Let's create a second bus:

```@repl basics
bus2 = ACBus(;
    number = 2,
    name = "bus2",
    bustype = ACBusTypes.PV,
    angle = 0.0,
    magnitude = 1.0,
    voltage_limits = (min = 0.9, max = 1.05),
    base_voltage = 230.0,
);
```

Notice that we've defined this bus with [power and voltage variables](@ref acbustypes_list),
suitable for power flow studies.

Let's also add this to our `System`:

```@repl basics
add_component!(sys, bus2)
```

Now, let's use [`show_components`](@ref) to quickly see some basic information about the buses:

```@repl basics
show_components(sys, ACBus)
```

## Adding a Transmission Line

Let's connect our buses. We'll add a transmission [`Line`](@ref) between `bus1` and `bus2`.

!!! warning
    
    When defining a line that isn't attached to a `System` yet, you must define the
    thermal rating of the transmission line in per-unit using the base power of the
    `System` you plan to connect it to -- in this case, 100 MVA.

```@repl basics
line = Line(;
    name = "line1",
    available = true,
    active_power_flow = 0.0,
    reactive_power_flow = 0.0,
    arc = Arc(; from = bus1, to = bus2),
    r = 0.00281, # Per-unit
    x = 0.0281, # Per-unit
    b = (from = 0.00356, to = 0.00356), # Per-unit
    rating = 2.0, # Line rating of 200 MVA / System base of 100 MVA
    angle_limits = (min = -0.7, max = 0.7),
);
```

Note that we also had to define an [`Arc`](@ref) in the process to define the connection between
the two buses.

Let's also add this to our `System`:

```@repl basics
add_component!(sys, line)
```

Finally, let's check our `System` summary to see all the network topology components we have added
are attached:

```@repl basics
sys
```

## Adding Loads and Generators

Now that our network topology is complete, we'll start adding components that [inject](@ref I) or
withdraw power from the network.

!!! warning
    
    When you define components that aren't attached to a `System` yet, you must define
    all fields related to power (with units such as MW, MVA, MVAR, or MW/min) in
    per-unit using the `base_power` of the component (with the exception of `base_power`
    itself, which is in MVA).

We'll start with defining a 10 MW [load](@ref PowerLoad) to `bus1`:

```@repl basics
load = PowerLoad(;
    name = "load1",
    available = true,
    bus = bus1,
    active_power = 0.0, # Per-unitized by device base_power
    reactive_power = 0.0, # Per-unitized by device base_power
    base_power = 10.0, # MVA
    max_active_power = 1.0, # 10 MW per-unitized by device base_power
    max_reactive_power = 0.0,
);
```

Notice that we defined the `max_active_power`, which is 10 MW, as 1.0 in per-unit using the
`base_power` of 10 MVA. We've also used the `bus1` component itself to define where this
load is located in the network.

Now add the load to the system:

```@repl basics
add_component!(sys, load)
```

Finally, we'll add two generators: one renewable and one thermal.

We'll add a 5 MW solar power plant to `bus2`:

```@repl basics
solar = RenewableDispatch(;
    name = "solar1",
    available = true,
    bus = bus2,
    active_power = 0.0, # Per-unitized by device base_power
    reactive_power = 0.0, # Per-unitized by device base_power
    rating = 1.0, # 5 MW per-unitized by device base_power
    prime_mover_type = PrimeMovers.PVe,
    reactive_power_limits = (min = 0.0, max = 0.05), # 0 MVAR to 0.25 MVAR per-unitized by device base_power
    power_factor = 1.0,
    operation_cost = RenewableGenerationCost(nothing),
    base_power = 5.0, # MVA
);
```

Note that we've used a generic [renewable generator](@ref RenewableDispatch) to model
solar, but we can specify that it is solar through the [prime mover](@ref pm_list).

Finally, we'll also add a 30 MW gas [thermal generator](@ref ThermalStandard):

```@repl basics
gas = ThermalStandard(;
    name = "gas1",
    available = true,
    status = true,
    bus = bus2,
    active_power = 0.0, # Per-unitized by device base_power
    reactive_power = 0.0, # Per-unitized by device base_power
    rating = 1.0, # 30 MW per-unitized by device base_power
    active_power_limits = (min = 0.2, max = 1.0), # 6 MW to 30 MW per-unitized by device base_power
    reactive_power_limits = nothing, # Per-unitized by device base_power
    ramp_limits = (up = 0.2, down = 0.2), # 6 MW/min up or down, per-unitized by device base_power
    operation_cost = ThermalGenerationCost(nothing),
    base_power = 30.0, # MVA
    time_limits = (up = 8.0, down = 8.0), # Hours
    must_run = false,
    prime_mover_type = PrimeMovers.CC,
    fuel = ThermalFuels.NATURAL_GAS,
);
```

This time, let's add these components to our `System` using [`add_components!`](@ref)
to add them both at the same time:

```@repl basics
add_components!(sys, [solar, gas])
```

## Explore the System and its Components

Congratulations! You have built a power system including buses, a transmission line, a
load, and different types of generators. Now let's take a look around.

Remember that we can see a summary of our `System` using the print statement:

```@repl basics
sys
```

Now, let's double-check some of our data by retrieving it from the `System`.
Let's use [`show_components`](@ref) again to get an overview of our renewable generators:

```@repl basics
show_components(sys, RenewableDispatch)
```

We just have the one renewable generator named `solar1`. Use `get_component` to
retrieve it by name:

```@repl basics
retrieved_component = get_component(RenewableDispatch, sys, "solar1");
```

Let's double-check what type of renewable generator this is using a `get_` function:

```@repl basics
get_prime_mover_type(retrieved_component)
```

Verify that this a `PVe`, or solar photovoltaic, generator.

Let's also use a `get_` function to double-check where this generator is connected in the
transmission network:

```@repl basics
get_bus(retrieved_component)
```

See that the generator's bus is linked to the actual `bus2` component in our `System`.

These "getter" functions are available for all the data fields in a component.

!!! tip
    
    **Always use the `get_*` functions to retrieve the data within a component.**
    While in Julia a user can use `.` to access the fields of a component, we make no
    guarantees on the stability of field names and locations. We do however promise to
    keep the getter functions stable. PowerSystems.jl also does many internal data
    calculations that the getter functions will properly handle for you, as you'll see
    below.

## Changing `System` Per-Unit Settings

Now, let's use a getter function to look up the solar generator's `rating`:

```@repl basics
get_rating(retrieved_component)
```

!!! tip "Important"
    
    When we defined the solar generator, we defined the rating
    as 1.0 per-unit with a device `base_power` of 5.0 MVA. Notice that the rating now reads
    0.05. After we attached this component to our `System`, its power data is being
    returned to us in the `System`'s units base.

Let's double-check the `System`'s units base:

```@repl basics
get_units_base(sys)
```

`SYSTEM_BASE` means all power-related (MW, MVA, MVAR, MW/min) component data in
the `System`, except for each component's `base_power`, is per-unitized by the
system base power for consistency.

Check the `System`'s base_power again:

```@repl basics
get_base_power(sys)
```

Notice that when we called `get_rating` above, the solar generator's rating, 5.0 MW,
is being returned as 0.05 = (5 MVA)/(100 MVA) using the system base power.

Instead of using the `System` base power, let's view everything in MW or MVA -- or what we
call "NATURAL_UNITS" in PowerSystems.

Change the `System`'s unit system:

```@repl basics
set_units_base_system!(sys, "NATURAL_UNITS")
```

Now retrieve the solar generator's rating again:

```@repl basics
get_rating(retrieved_component)
```

Notice that the value is now its "natural" value, 5.0 MVA.

Finally, let's change the `System`'s unit system to the final option, "DEVICE_BASE":

```@repl basics
set_units_base_system!(sys, "DEVICE_BASE")
```

And retrieve the solar generator's rating once more:

```@repl basics
get_rating(retrieved_component)
```

See that now the data is now 1.0 (5.0 MVA per-unitized by the generator (i.e., the device's)
`base_power` of 5.0 MVA), which is the format we used to originally define the device.

As a shortcut to temporarily set the `System`'s unit system to a particular value, perform
some action, and then automatically set it back to what it was before, we can use
`with_units_base` and a [`do` block](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/functions/#Do-Block-Syntax-for-Function-Arguments):

```@repl basics
with_units_base(sys, "NATURAL_UNITS") do
    # Everything inside this block will run as if the unit system were NATURAL_UNITS
    get_rating(retrieved_component)
end
get_units_base(sys)  # Unit system goes back to previous value when the block ends
```

Recall that if you ever need to check a `System`'s settings, including the unit system being
used by all the getter functions, you can always just print the `System`:

```@repl basics
sys
```

See the units base is printed as one of the `System` properties.

## Next Steps

In this tutorial, you manually created a power `System`, added and then retrieved its components,
and modified the `System` per-unit settings.

Next, you might want to:

  - [Add time series data to components in the `System`](@ref tutorial_time_series)
  - [Add necessary data for dynamic simulations](@ref "Adding Data for Dynamic Simulations")
  - Import a `System` [from an existing Matpower or PSSE file](@ref pm_data) or
    [with PSSE dynamic data](@ref dyr_data) instead of creating it manually
  - [Create your own `System` from .csv files instead of creating it manually](@ref table_data)
  - [Read more to understand per-unitization in PowerSystems.jl](@ref per_unit)
  - See a workaround for how to [Add a Component in Natural Units](@ref)
