docs/src/tutorials/migrating_to_psy4.md, before:

# [Migrating from version 3.0 to 4.0](@id psy4_migration)

This guide outlines the code updates required to upgrade from PowerSystems.jl version 3.0
to 4.0, which was released in June 2024 and includes breaking changes. These are:

- [Renamed Types and Parameters](@ref)
- [Updates to Energy Storage Parameters](@ref esr_migration)
- [New Cost Functions](@ref)
- [New Time Series Horizon Format](@ref)
- [Minor Type Hierarchy Change](@ref)

## Renamed Types and Parameters
Some `Types` and fields were renamed, which should require a trivial search and replace:

Renamed `Types`:
- `RenewableFix` is now named [`RenewableNonDispatch`](@ref)
- `StaticReserve` is now named [`ConstantReserve`](@ref)
- `StaticReserveGroup` is now named [`ConstantReserveGroup`](@ref)
- `StaticReserveNonSpinning` is now named [`ConstantReserveNonSpinning`](@ref)
- `GenericBattery` has been replaced by [`EnergyReservoirStorage`](@ref) including 
    **significant parameter changes** ([see below](@ref esr_migration))

Renamed parameters:
- The `rate` parameter is now named `rating` for subtypes of [`Branch`](@ref), for
    consistency with other Types. Affected Types are:
    - [`Line`](@ref)
    - [`MonitoredLine`](@ref)
    - [`PhaseShiftingTransformer`](@ref)
    - [`TapTransformer`](@ref)
    - [`Transformer2W`](@ref)

## [Updates to Energy Storage Parameters](@id esr_migration)
[`EnergyReservoirStorage`](@ref) is now the default battery and energy storage model,
replacing `GenericBattery`.

There are also changes to the data fields compared to `GenericBattery` to improve clarity
and modeling flexibility.

New data fields:
- `storage_capacity` for the maximum storage capacity (can be in units of,
    e.g., MWh for batteries or liters for hydrogen)
    - Example: 10000.0 for 10,000 liters hydrogen
- `storage_level_limits` for the minimum and maximum allowable storage levels
    on [0, 1], which can be used to model derates or other restrictions, such as
    state-of-charge restrictions on battery cycling
    - Example: Minimum of 0.2 and maximum of 1.0 to restrict the storage from dropping below
        20% capacity to keep some reserve margin available at all times
- `initial_storage_capacity_level` for the initial storage capacity level as
    a ratio [0, 1.0] of `storage_capacity`
    - Example: 0.5 to start the storage at 50% full
- `conversion_factor` is the (optional) conversion factor of `storage_capacity` to MWh, if
    different than 1.0 (i.e., no conversion is needed if the `storage_capacity` is in MWh)
    - Example: 0.0005 for 0.5 kWh/l hydrogen

Removed data fields:
- `state_of_charge_limits` with units of p.u.-hr
- `initial_energy` with units of p.u.-hr

## New Cost Functions

## New Time Series Horizon Format

## Minor Type Hierarchy Change

- [`ControllableLoad`](@ref) is now a subtype of [`StaticLoad`](@ref) rather than
    `ElectricLoad`

The vast majority of users are not expected to be impacted by this change.

Commit message:

Add horizon format details and update glossary

docs/src/tutorials/migrating_to_psy4.md, after:

# [Migrating from version 3.0 to 4.0](@id psy4_migration)

This guide outlines the code updates required to upgrade from PowerSystems.jl version 3.0
to 4.0, which was released in June 2024 and includes breaking changes. These are:

- [Renamed Types and Parameters](@ref)
- [Updates to Energy Storage Parameters](@ref esr_migration)
- [New Cost Functions](@ref)
- [New Time Series Horizon Format](@ref)
- [Minor Type Hierarchy Change](@ref)

## Renamed Types and Parameters
Some `Types` and fields were renamed, which should require a trivial search and replace:

Renamed `Types`:
- `RenewableFix` is now named [`RenewableNonDispatch`](@ref)
- `StaticReserve` is now named [`ConstantReserve`](@ref)
- `StaticReserveGroup` is now named [`ConstantReserveGroup`](@ref)
- `StaticReserveNonSpinning` is now named [`ConstantReserveNonSpinning`](@ref)
- `GenericBattery` has been replaced by [`EnergyReservoirStorage`](@ref) including 
    **significant parameter changes** ([see below](@ref esr_migration))

Renamed parameters:
- The `rate` parameter is now named `rating` for subtypes of [`Branch`](@ref), for
    consistency with other Types. Affected Types are:
    - [`Line`](@ref)
    - [`MonitoredLine`](@ref)
    - [`PhaseShiftingTransformer`](@ref)
    - [`TapTransformer`](@ref)
    - [`Transformer2W`](@ref)

## [Updates to Energy Storage Parameters](@id esr_migration)
[`EnergyReservoirStorage`](@ref) is now the default battery and energy storage model,
replacing `GenericBattery`.

There are also changes to the data fields compared to `GenericBattery` to improve clarity
and modeling flexibility.

New data fields:
- `storage_capacity` for the maximum storage capacity (can be in units of,
    e.g., MWh for batteries or liters for hydrogen)
    - Example: 10000.0 for 10,000 liters hydrogen
- `storage_level_limits` for the minimum and maximum allowable storage levels
    on [0, 1], which can be used to model derates or other restrictions, such as
    state-of-charge restrictions on battery cycling
    - Example: Minimum of 0.2 and maximum of 1.0 to restrict the storage from dropping below
        20% capacity to keep some reserve margin available at all times
- `initial_storage_capacity_level` for the initial storage capacity level as
    a ratio [0, 1.0] of `storage_capacity`
    - Example: 0.5 to start the storage at 50% full
- `conversion_factor` is the (optional) conversion factor of `storage_capacity` to MWh, if
    different than 1.0 (i.e., no conversion is needed if the `storage_capacity` is in MWh)
    - Example: 0.0005 for 0.5 kWh/l hydrogen

Removed data fields:
- `state_of_charge_limits` with units of p.u.-hr
- `initial_energy` with units of p.u.-hr

## New Cost Functions

## New Time Series Horizon Format
The [horizon](@ref H) for a forecast has changed from a **count** of time steps (as an
    `Int`) to a **duration**, as a 
    [`Dates.Period`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/Dates/#Period-Types)

**Example day-ahead forecast:** A forecast with hourly [resolution](@ref R) for the next
24 hours, with a new forecast available every 24 hours (i.e., 24-hour [interval](@ref I))
- The horizon is now `Dates.Hour(24)` or `Dates.Day(1)`
- Previously in version 3.0, the horizon would have been `24` for the 24 1-hour time-steps
    in each forecast

**Example hour-ahead forecast:** A forecast with 5-minute [resolution](@ref R) for the next
1 hour, with a new forecast available every hour (i.e., 1-hour [interval](@ref I))
- The horizon is now `Dates.Hour(1)`
- Previously in version 3.0, the horizon would have been `12` for the 12 5-minute time-steps
    in each forecast

## Minor Type Hierarchy Change

- [`ControllableLoad`](@ref) is now a subtype of [`StaticLoad`](@ref) rather than
    `ElectricLoad`

The vast majority of users are not expected to be impacted by this change.
