docs/src/modeler_guide/parsing.md, before:


# [Parsing Data](@id parsing)

`PowerSystems.jl` supports the creation of a `System` from a variety of common data formats:

- [MATPOWER](@ref pm_data) (code copied with permission from [`PowerModels.jl`](https://github.com/lanl-ansi/PowerModels.jl))
- [PSS/e RAW Files](@ref pm_data) (code copied with permission from [`PowerModels.jl`](https://github.com/lanl-ansi/PowerModels.jl))
- [PSS/e DYR Files](@ref dyr_data)
- [PowerSystems table data (CSV Files)](@ref table_data)

## [MATPOWER / PSS/e](@id pm_data)

The following code will create a System from a MATPOWER or PSS/e file:

```@repl raw_dyr_system
using PowerSystems
file_dir = joinpath(pkgdir(PowerSystems), "docs", "src", "tutorials", "tutorials_data")
sys = System(joinpath(file_dir, "case5.m"))
```

## [PSS/e dynamic data parsing](@id dyr_data)

PSS/e's dynamic model library is extensive, we currently support parsing a limited amount
of models out of the box.

| Machine models | AVR Models | Prime Movers | PSS models |
|----------------|------------|--------------|------------|
| GENSAE         | IEEET1     | HYGOV        | IEEEST     |
| GENSAL         | ESDC1A     | IEEEG1       |            |
| GENROE         | ESAC1A     | GGOV1        |            |
| GENCLS         | ESST4B     |              |            |
| GENROU         | EXAC2      |              |            |
|                | EXPIC1     |              |            |
|                | ESAC6A     |              |            |
|                | EXAC1      |              |            |
|                | SCRX       |              |            |
|                | ESDC2A     |              |            |

### Creating a Dynamic System using .RAW and .DYR data

A `PowerSystems.jl` system can be created using a .RAW and a .DYR file. In this example we will create the following three bus system using the following RAW file:

```raw
0, 100, 33, 0, 0, 60  / 24-Apr-2020 19:28:39 - MATPOWER 7.0.1-dev


     101, 'BUS 1       ',       138, 3,    1,    1, 1,           1.02,        0,  1.1,  0.9,  1.1,  0.9
     102, 'BUS 2       ',       138, 2,    1,    1, 1,           1.0142,           0,  1.1,  0.9,  1.1,  0.9
     103, 'BUS 3       ',       138, 2,    1,    1, 1,           1.0059,           0,  1.1,  0.9,  1.1,  0.9
0 / END OF BUS DATA, BEGIN LOAD DATA
     101,  1, 1,    1,    1,       100,       20, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0
     102,  1, 1,    1,    1,       70,       10, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0
     103,  1, 1,    1,    1,       50,       10, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0
0 / END OF LOAD DATA, BEGIN FIXED SHUNT DATA
0 / END OF FIXED SHUNT DATA, BEGIN GENERATOR DATA
     101,  1,       20,         0,       100,      -100,    1.02, 0,     100, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 100,       318,         0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1
     102,  1,       100,         0,       100,      -100,   1.0142, 0,     100, 0, 0.7, 0, 0, 1, 1, 100,       318,         0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1
     103,  1,       100,         0,       100,      -100,   1.0059, 0,     100, 0, 0.2, 0, 0, 1, 1, 100,       318,         0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1
0 / END OF GENERATOR DATA, BEGIN BRANCH DATA
     101,      103, 1,  0.01000,     0.12,      0.0,     250,     250,     250, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1
     101,      102, 1,  0.01000,     0.12,      0.0,     250,     250,     250, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1
     102,      103, 1,  0.01000,     0.12,      0.0,     250,     250,     250, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1
0 / END OF BRANCH DATA, BEGIN TRANSFORMER DATA
0 / END OF TRANSFORMER DATA, BEGIN AREA DATA
0 / END OF AREA DATA, BEGIN TWO-TERMINAL DC DATA
0 / END OF TWO-TERMINAL DC DATA, BEGIN VOLTAGE SOURCE CONVERTER DATA
0 / END OF VOLTAGE SOURCE CONVERTER DATA, BEGIN IMPEDANCE CORRECTION DATA
0 / END OF IMPEDANCE CORRECTION DATA, BEGIN MULTI-TERMINAL DC DATA
0 / END OF MULTI-TERMINAL DC DATA, BEGIN MULTI-SECTION LINE DATA
0 / END OF MULTI-SECTION LINE DATA, BEGIN ZONE DATA
0 / END OF ZONE DATA, BEGIN INTER-AREA TRANSFER DATA
0 / END OF INTER-AREA TRANSFER DATA, BEGIN OWNER DATA
0 / END OF OWNER DATA, BEGIN FACTS CONTROL DEVICE DATA
0 / END OF FACTS CONTROL DEVICE DATA, BEGIN SWITCHED SHUNT DATA
0 / END OF SWITCHED SHUNT DATA, BEGIN GNE DEVICE DATA
0 / END OF GNE DEVICE DATA, BEGIN INDUCTION MACHINE DATA
0 / END OF INDUCTION MACHINE DATA
Q
```

This system is a three bus system with three generators, three loads and three branches. The dynamic data for the generators is provided in the DYR file:

```raw
  101 'GENROE' 1   8.000000  0.030000  0.400000  0.050000  6.500000  0.000000  1.800000
  1.700000  0.300000  0.550000  0.250000  0.200000  0.039200  0.267200  /
  101 'ESST1A' 1   1  1  0.01  99  -99  1  10  1  1  200  0  4  -4  4  -4  0  0  1  0  3  /
  102 'GENCLS' 1   0.0   0.0 /
  103 'GENCLS' 1   3.1   2.0 /
```

That assigns a GENROU generator and a ESST1A voltage regulator at the generator located at bus 101, while classic machine models for the generators located at bus 102 and 103.

To create the system we can do it passing both files directories:

```@repl raw_dyr_system
RAW_dir = joinpath(file_dir, "ThreeBusNetwork.raw")
DYR_dir = joinpath(file_dir, "TestGENCLS.dyr")
dyn_system = System(RAW_dir, DYR_dir, runchecks = false)
```

## [PowerSystems Table Data](@id table_data)

This is a custom format that allows users to define power system component data
by category and column with custom names, types, and units.

### Categories

Components for each category must be defined in their own CSV file. The
following categories are currently supported:

- branch.csv
- bus.csv (required)
  - columns specifying `area` and `zone` will create a corresponding set of `Area` and `LoadZone` objects.
  - columns specifying `max_active_power` or `max_reactive_power` will create `PowerLoad` objects when nonzero values are encountered and will contribute to the `peak_active_power` and `peak_reactive_power` values for the
  corresponding `LoadZone` object.
- dc_branch.csv
- gen.csv
- load.csv
- reserves.csv
- storage.csv

These must reside in the directory passed when constructing PowerSystemTableData.

### [Adding Time Series Data](@id parsing_time_series)

PowerSystems requires a metadata file that maps components to their time series
data in order to be able to automatically construct time_series from raw data
files. The following fields are required for each time array:

- `simulation`:  User description of simulation
- `resolution`:  Resolution of time series in seconds
- `module`:  Module that defines the abstract type of the component
- `category`:  Type of component. Must map to abstract types defined by the "module"
  entry (Bus, ElectricLoad, Generator, LoadZone, Reserve)
- `component_name`:  Name of component
- `name`:  User-defined name for the time series data.
- `normalization_factor`:  Controls normalization of the data. Use 1.0 for
  pre-normalized data. Use 'Max' to divide the time series by the max value in the
  column. Use any float for a custom scaling factor.
- `scaling_factor_multiplier_module`:  Module that defines the accessor function for the
scaling factor
- `scaling_factor_multiplier`:  Accessor function of the scaling factor
- `data_file`:  Path to the time series data file

Notes:

- The "module", "category", and "component_name" entries must be valid arguments to retrieve
a component using `get_component(${module}.${category}, sys, $name)`.
- The "scaling_factor_multiplier_module" and the "scaling_factor_multiplier" entries must
be sufficient to return the scaling factor data using
`${scaling_factor_multiplier_module}.${scaling_factor_multiplier}(component)`.

PowerSystems supports this metadata in either CSV or JSON formats. Refer to
[RTS_GMLC](https://github.com/GridMod/RTS-GMLC/blob/master/RTS_Data/FormattedData/SIIP/timeseries_pointers.json)
for an example.

#### Performance considerations

By default PowerSystems stores time series data in HDF5 files. It does not keep
all of the data in memory. This means that every time you access a time_series
PowerSystems will have to read the data from storage, which will add latency. If
you know ahead of time that all of your data will fit in memory then you can
change this behavior by passing `time_series_in_memory = true` when you create
the System.

If the time series data is stored in HDF5 then PowerSystems will use the tmp filesystem by
default. You can change this by passing `time_series_directory = X` when you create the
System. This is required if the time series data is larger than the amount of tmp space
available. You can also override the location by setting the environment variable
SIIP_TIME_SERIES_DIRECTORY to another directory.

### Customization

The tabular data parser in `PowerSystems.jl` can be customized to read a variety of
datasets by configuring:

 - [which type of generator (`<:Generator`) to create based on the fuel and prime mover specifications](@ref csv_genmap)
 - [property names](@ref csv_columns), [units](@ref csv_units), and per units conversions](@ref csv_per_unit) in *.csv files

Here is an example of how to construct a System with all customizations listed in this section:

```julia
data_dir = "/data/my-data-dir"
base_power = 100.0
descriptors = "./user_descriptors.yaml"
timeseries_metadata_file = "./timeseries_pointers.json"
generator_mapping_file = "./generator_mapping.yaml"
data = PowerSystemTableData(
    data_dir,
    base_power,
    descriptors;
    timeseries_metadata_file = timeseries_metadata_file,
    generator_mapping_file = generator_mapping_file,
)
sys = System(data, time_series_in_memory = true)
```

Examples configuration files can be found in the [RTS-GMLC](https://github.com/GridMod/RTS-GMLC/) repo:

 - [user_descriptors.yaml](https://github.com/GridMod/RTS-GMLC/blob/master/RTS_Data/FormattedData/SIIP/user_descriptors.yaml)
 - [generator_mapping.yaml](https://github.com/GridMod/RTS-GMLC/blob/master/RTS_Data/FormattedData/SIIP/generator_mapping.yaml)

#### [CSV Data Configurations](@id csv_data)

##### [Custom construction of generators](@id csv_genmap)

PowerSystems supports custom construction of subtypes of the abstract type Generator based
on `fuel` and `type`. The parsing code detects these fields in the raw data and then
constructs the concrete type listed in the passed generator mapping file. The default file
is `src/parsers/generator_mapping.yaml`. You can override this behavior by specifying your
own file when constructing PowerSystemTableData.

##### [Column names](@id csv_columns)

PowerSystems provides am input mapping capability that allows you to keep your own
column names.

For example, when parsing raw data for a generator the code expects a column
called `name`. If the raw data instead defines that column as `GEN UID` then
you can change the `custom_name` field under the `generator` category to
`GEN UID` in your YAML file.

To enable the parsing of a custom set of csv files, you can generate a configuration
file (such as `user_descriptors.yaml`) from the defaults, which are stored
in `src/descriptors/power_system_inputs.json`.

```python
python ./bin/generate_config_file.py ./user_descriptors.yaml
```

Next, edit this file with your customizations.

Note that the user-specific customizations are stored in YAML rather than JSON
to allow for easier editing. The next few sections describe changes you can
make to this YAML file.  Do not edit the default JSON file.

##### [Per-unit conversion](@id csv_per_unit)

For more info on the per-unit conventions in `PowerSystems.jl`, refer to the [per-unit
section of the system documentation](@ref per_unit).

PowerSystems defines whether it expects a column value to be per-unit system base,
per-unit device base, or natural units in `power_system_inputs.json`. If it expects a
per-unit convention that differs from your values then you can set the `unit_system` in
`user_descriptors.yaml` and PowerSystems will automatically convert the values. For
example, if you have a `max_active_power` value stored in natural units (MW), but
`power_system_inputs.json` specifies `unit_system: device_base`, you can enter
`unit_system: natural_units` in `user_descriptors.yaml` and PowerSystems will divide
the value by the value of the corresponding entry in the column identified by the
`base_reference` field in `power_system_inputs.json`. You can also override the
`base_reference` setting by adding `base_reference: My Column` to make device base
per-unit conversion by dividing the value by the entry in `My Column`. System base
per-unit conversions always divide the value by the system `base_power` value
instantiated when constructing a `System`.

##### [Unit conversion](@id csv_units)

PowerSystems provides a limited set of unit conversions. For example, if
`power_system_inputs.json` indicates that a value's unit is degrees but
your values are in radians then you can set `unit: radian` in
your YAML file. Other valid `unit` entries include `GW`, `GWh`, `MW`, `MWh`, `kW`,
and `kWh`.

Commit message:

Add bus_name_formatter to documentation

docs/src/modeler_guide/parsing.md, after:


# [Parsing Data](@id parsing)

`PowerSystems.jl` supports the creation of a `System` from a variety of common data formats:

- [MATPOWER](@ref pm_data) (code copied with permission from [`PowerModels.jl`](https://github.com/lanl-ansi/PowerModels.jl))
- [PSS/e RAW Files](@ref pm_data) (code copied with permission from [`PowerModels.jl`](https://github.com/lanl-ansi/PowerModels.jl))
- [PSS/e DYR Files](@ref dyr_data)
- [PowerSystems table data (CSV Files)](@ref table_data)

## [MATPOWER / PSS/e](@id pm_data)

The following code will create a System from a MATPOWER or PSS/e file:

```@repl raw_dyr_system
using PowerSystems
file_dir = joinpath(pkgdir(PowerSystems), "docs", "src", "tutorials", "tutorials_data")
sys = System(joinpath(file_dir, "case5.m"))
```

## [PSS/e dynamic data parsing](@id dyr_data)

PSS/e's dynamic model library is extensive, we currently support parsing a limited amount
of models out of the box.

| Machine models | AVR Models | Prime Movers | PSS models |
|----------------|------------|--------------|------------|
| GENSAE         | IEEET1     | HYGOV        | IEEEST     |
| GENSAL         | ESDC1A     | IEEEG1       |            |
| GENROE         | ESAC1A     | GGOV1        |            |
| GENCLS         | ESST4B     |              |            |
| GENROU         | EXAC2      |              |            |
|                | EXPIC1     |              |            |
|                | ESAC6A     |              |            |
|                | EXAC1      |              |            |
|                | SCRX       |              |            |
|                | ESDC2A     |              |            |

### Creating a Dynamic System using .RAW and .DYR data

A `PowerSystems.jl` system can be created using a .RAW and a .DYR file. In this example we will create the following three bus system using the following RAW file:

```raw
0, 100, 33, 0, 0, 60  / 24-Apr-2020 19:28:39 - MATPOWER 7.0.1-dev


     101, 'BUS 1       ',       138, 3,    1,    1, 1,           1.02,        0,  1.1,  0.9,  1.1,  0.9
     102, 'BUS 2       ',       138, 2,    1,    1, 1,           1.0142,           0,  1.1,  0.9,  1.1,  0.9
     103, 'BUS 3       ',       138, 2,    1,    1, 1,           1.0059,           0,  1.1,  0.9,  1.1,  0.9
0 / END OF BUS DATA, BEGIN LOAD DATA
     101,  1, 1,    1,    1,       100,       20, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0
     102,  1, 1,    1,    1,       70,       10, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0
     103,  1, 1,    1,    1,       50,       10, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0
0 / END OF LOAD DATA, BEGIN FIXED SHUNT DATA
0 / END OF FIXED SHUNT DATA, BEGIN GENERATOR DATA
     101,  1,       20,         0,       100,      -100,    1.02, 0,     100, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 100,       318,         0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1
     102,  1,       100,         0,       100,      -100,   1.0142, 0,     100, 0, 0.7, 0, 0, 1, 1, 100,       318,         0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1
     103,  1,       100,         0,       100,      -100,   1.0059, 0,     100, 0, 0.2, 0, 0, 1, 1, 100,       318,         0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1
0 / END OF GENERATOR DATA, BEGIN BRANCH DATA
     101,      103, 1,  0.01000,     0.12,      0.0,     250,     250,     250, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1
     101,      102, 1,  0.01000,     0.12,      0.0,     250,     250,     250, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1
     102,      103, 1,  0.01000,     0.12,      0.0,     250,     250,     250, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1
0 / END OF BRANCH DATA, BEGIN TRANSFORMER DATA
0 / END OF TRANSFORMER DATA, BEGIN AREA DATA
0 / END OF AREA DATA, BEGIN TWO-TERMINAL DC DATA
0 / END OF TWO-TERMINAL DC DATA, BEGIN VOLTAGE SOURCE CONVERTER DATA
0 / END OF VOLTAGE SOURCE CONVERTER DATA, BEGIN IMPEDANCE CORRECTION DATA
0 / END OF IMPEDANCE CORRECTION DATA, BEGIN MULTI-TERMINAL DC DATA
0 / END OF MULTI-TERMINAL DC DATA, BEGIN MULTI-SECTION LINE DATA
0 / END OF MULTI-SECTION LINE DATA, BEGIN ZONE DATA
0 / END OF ZONE DATA, BEGIN INTER-AREA TRANSFER DATA
0 / END OF INTER-AREA TRANSFER DATA, BEGIN OWNER DATA
0 / END OF OWNER DATA, BEGIN FACTS CONTROL DEVICE DATA
0 / END OF FACTS CONTROL DEVICE DATA, BEGIN SWITCHED SHUNT DATA
0 / END OF SWITCHED SHUNT DATA, BEGIN GNE DEVICE DATA
0 / END OF GNE DEVICE DATA, BEGIN INDUCTION MACHINE DATA
0 / END OF INDUCTION MACHINE DATA
Q
```

This system is a three bus system with three generators, three loads and three branches. The dynamic data for the generators is provided in the DYR file:

```raw
  101 'GENROE' 1   8.000000  0.030000  0.400000  0.050000  6.500000  0.000000  1.800000
  1.700000  0.300000  0.550000  0.250000  0.200000  0.039200  0.267200  /
  101 'ESST1A' 1   1  1  0.01  99  -99  1  10  1  1  200  0  4  -4  4  -4  0  0  1  0  3  /
  102 'GENCLS' 1   0.0   0.0 /
  103 'GENCLS' 1   3.1   2.0 /
```

That assigns a GENROU generator and a ESST1A voltage regulator at the generator located at bus 101, while classic machine models for the generators located at bus 102 and 103.

To create the system we can do it passing both files directories:

```@repl raw_dyr_system
RAW_dir = joinpath(file_dir, "ThreeBusNetwork.raw")
DYR_dir = joinpath(file_dir, "TestGENCLS.dyr")
dyn_system = System(RAW_dir, DYR_dir, runchecks = false)
```
### Common Issues

Please note that while PSS/e does not enforce unique bus names, `PowerSystems.jl` does. To automatically reparse bus names to comply with this requirement, the `System()` call can be modified with the bus_name_formatter *kwarg as shown below:

```@repl raw_dyr_system
dyn_system = System(RAW_dir, DYR_dir; bus_name_formatter = x -> strip(string(x["name"])) * "-" * string(x["index"]), runchecks = false)
```

## [PowerSystems Table Data](@id table_data)

This is a custom format that allows users to define power system component data
by category and column with custom names, types, and units.

### Categories

Components for each category must be defined in their own CSV file. The
following categories are currently supported:

- branch.csv
- bus.csv (required)
  - columns specifying `area` and `zone` will create a corresponding set of `Area` and `LoadZone` objects.
  - columns specifying `max_active_power` or `max_reactive_power` will create `PowerLoad` objects when nonzero values are encountered and will contribute to the `peak_active_power` and `peak_reactive_power` values for the
  corresponding `LoadZone` object.
- dc_branch.csv
- gen.csv
- load.csv
- reserves.csv
- storage.csv

These must reside in the directory passed when constructing PowerSystemTableData.

### [Adding Time Series Data](@id parsing_time_series)

PowerSystems requires a metadata file that maps components to their time series
data in order to be able to automatically construct time_series from raw data
files. The following fields are required for each time array:

- `simulation`:  User description of simulation
- `resolution`:  Resolution of time series in seconds
- `module`:  Module that defines the abstract type of the component
- `category`:  Type of component. Must map to abstract types defined by the "module"
  entry (Bus, ElectricLoad, Generator, LoadZone, Reserve)
- `component_name`:  Name of component
- `name`:  User-defined name for the time series data.
- `normalization_factor`:  Controls normalization of the data. Use 1.0 for
  pre-normalized data. Use 'Max' to divide the time series by the max value in the
  column. Use any float for a custom scaling factor.
- `scaling_factor_multiplier_module`:  Module that defines the accessor function for the
scaling factor
- `scaling_factor_multiplier`:  Accessor function of the scaling factor
- `data_file`:  Path to the time series data file

Notes:

- The "module", "category", and "component_name" entries must be valid arguments to retrieve
a component using `get_component(${module}.${category}, sys, $name)`.
- The "scaling_factor_multiplier_module" and the "scaling_factor_multiplier" entries must
be sufficient to return the scaling factor data using
`${scaling_factor_multiplier_module}.${scaling_factor_multiplier}(component)`.

PowerSystems supports this metadata in either CSV or JSON formats. Refer to
[RTS_GMLC](https://github.com/GridMod/RTS-GMLC/blob/master/RTS_Data/FormattedData/SIIP/timeseries_pointers.json)
for an example.

#### Performance considerations

By default PowerSystems stores time series data in HDF5 files. It does not keep
all of the data in memory. This means that every time you access a time_series
PowerSystems will have to read the data from storage, which will add latency. If
you know ahead of time that all of your data will fit in memory then you can
change this behavior by passing `time_series_in_memory = true` when you create
the System.

If the time series data is stored in HDF5 then PowerSystems will use the tmp filesystem by
default. You can change this by passing `time_series_directory = X` when you create the
System. This is required if the time series data is larger than the amount of tmp space
available. You can also override the location by setting the environment variable
SIIP_TIME_SERIES_DIRECTORY to another directory.

### Customization

The tabular data parser in `PowerSystems.jl` can be customized to read a variety of
datasets by configuring:

 - [which type of generator (`<:Generator`) to create based on the fuel and prime mover specifications](@ref csv_genmap)
 - [property names](@ref csv_columns), [units](@ref csv_units), and per units conversions](@ref csv_per_unit) in *.csv files

Here is an example of how to construct a System with all customizations listed in this section:

```julia
data_dir = "/data/my-data-dir"
base_power = 100.0
descriptors = "./user_descriptors.yaml"
timeseries_metadata_file = "./timeseries_pointers.json"
generator_mapping_file = "./generator_mapping.yaml"
data = PowerSystemTableData(
    data_dir,
    base_power,
    descriptors;
    timeseries_metadata_file = timeseries_metadata_file,
    generator_mapping_file = generator_mapping_file,
)
sys = System(data, time_series_in_memory = true)
```

Examples configuration files can be found in the [RTS-GMLC](https://github.com/GridMod/RTS-GMLC/) repo:

 - [user_descriptors.yaml](https://github.com/GridMod/RTS-GMLC/blob/master/RTS_Data/FormattedData/SIIP/user_descriptors.yaml)
 - [generator_mapping.yaml](https://github.com/GridMod/RTS-GMLC/blob/master/RTS_Data/FormattedData/SIIP/generator_mapping.yaml)

#### [CSV Data Configurations](@id csv_data)

##### [Custom construction of generators](@id csv_genmap)

PowerSystems supports custom construction of subtypes of the abstract type Generator based
on `fuel` and `type`. The parsing code detects these fields in the raw data and then
constructs the concrete type listed in the passed generator mapping file. The default file
is `src/parsers/generator_mapping.yaml`. You can override this behavior by specifying your
own file when constructing PowerSystemTableData.

##### [Column names](@id csv_columns)

PowerSystems provides am input mapping capability that allows you to keep your own
column names.

For example, when parsing raw data for a generator the code expects a column
called `name`. If the raw data instead defines that column as `GEN UID` then
you can change the `custom_name` field under the `generator` category to
`GEN UID` in your YAML file.

To enable the parsing of a custom set of csv files, you can generate a configuration
file (such as `user_descriptors.yaml`) from the defaults, which are stored
in `src/descriptors/power_system_inputs.json`.

```python
python ./bin/generate_config_file.py ./user_descriptors.yaml
```

Next, edit this file with your customizations.

Note that the user-specific customizations are stored in YAML rather than JSON
to allow for easier editing. The next few sections describe changes you can
make to this YAML file.  Do not edit the default JSON file.

##### [Per-unit conversion](@id csv_per_unit)

For more info on the per-unit conventions in `PowerSystems.jl`, refer to the [per-unit
section of the system documentation](@ref per_unit).

PowerSystems defines whether it expects a column value to be per-unit system base,
per-unit device base, or natural units in `power_system_inputs.json`. If it expects a
per-unit convention that differs from your values then you can set the `unit_system` in
`user_descriptors.yaml` and PowerSystems will automatically convert the values. For
example, if you have a `max_active_power` value stored in natural units (MW), but
`power_system_inputs.json` specifies `unit_system: device_base`, you can enter
`unit_system: natural_units` in `user_descriptors.yaml` and PowerSystems will divide
the value by the value of the corresponding entry in the column identified by the
`base_reference` field in `power_system_inputs.json`. You can also override the
`base_reference` setting by adding `base_reference: My Column` to make device base
per-unit conversion by dividing the value by the entry in `My Column`. System base
per-unit conversions always divide the value by the system `base_power` value
instantiated when constructing a `System`.

##### [Unit conversion](@id csv_units)

PowerSystems provides a limited set of unit conversions. For example, if
`power_system_inputs.json` indicates that a value's unit is degrees but
your values are in radians then you can set `unit: radian` in
your YAML file. Other valid `unit` entries include `GW`, `GWh`, `MW`, `MWh`, `kW`,
and `kWh`.
