docs/src/explanation/supplemental_attributes.md, before:

# [Supplemental Attributes](@id supplemental_attributes)

While the [`ext` field is a mechanism](@ref additional_fields) for adding arbitrary metadata. PowerSystems.jl, has moved towards a more structured and formalized way of handling supplemental data using `SupplementalAttribute` structs. This is designed to store metadata in a more organized fashion than a generic dictionary. These attributes are intended to be attached to a [`Component`](@ref) types.

Supplemmental attributes can be shared between components or have 1-1 relationships. This is particularly
useful to represent components in the same geographic location or outages for multiple components. Conversely, components can contain many attributes.

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    A["Attribute A"] --> B["Component 1"]
    A -->  C["Component2"]
    D["Attribute B"] -->  C["Component 2"]
    E["Attribute C"] -->  F["Component 3"]
```

Supplemental attributes can also contain timeseries in the same that a component can allowing the user to model time varying attributes like outage time series or weather dependent probabilities. See the section [`Working with Time Series Data`](@ref tutorial_time_series) for details on time series handling.

## Getting the attributes in a system

You can retrieve the attributes in a system using the function [`get_supplemental_attributes`](@ref).
You must pass a supplemental attribute type, which can be concrete or abstract. If you pass an abstract type, all concrete types
that are subtypes of the abstract type will be returned.

```julia
for outage in get_supplemental_attributes(FixedForcedOutage, system)
    @show summary(outage)
end
```

You can optionally pass a filter function to reduce the returned attributes. This example will
return only FixedForcedOutage instances that have a mean time to recovery greater than or equal to 0.5.

```julia
for outage in get_supplemental_attributes(
    x -> get_mean_time_to_recovery(x) >= 0.5,
    FixedForcedOutage,
    system,
)
    @show summary(outage)
end
```

## Getting the attributes associated with a component

You can retrieve the attributes associated with a component using the function [`get_supplemental_attributes`](@ref).
This method signatures are identical to the versions above that operate on a system; just swap the system for a component.

You must pass a supplemental attribute type, which can be concrete or abstract. If you pass an abstract type, all concrete types
that are subtypes of the abstract type will be returned.

```julia
gen1 = get_component(ThermalStandard, system, "gen1")
for outage in get_supplemental_attributes(FixedForcedOutage, gen)
    @show summary(outage)
end
```

You can optionally pass a filter function to reduce the returned attributes. This example will
return only FixedForcedOutage instances that have a mean time to recovery greater than or equal to 0.5.

```julia
for outage in get_supplemental_attributes(
    x -> get_mean_time_to_recovery(x) >= 0.5,
    gen,
    FixedForcedOutage,
)
    @show summary(outage)
end
```

## Getting the components associated with an attribute

You can retrieve the components associated with a single supplemental attribute using the
function [`get_associated_components`](@ref).

 1. Get all components associated with a single supplemental attribute.
    
    ```julia
    outage = first(get_supplemental_attributes(FixedForcedOutage, system))
    for component in get_associated_components(system, outage)
        @show summary(component)
    end
    ```

 2. Same as #1, but filter the results by component type, which can be concrete or abstract.
    
    ```julia
    outage = first(get_supplemental_attributes(FixedForcedOutage, system))
    for component in get_associated_components(system, outage; component_type = ThermalStandard)
        @show summary(component)
    end
    ```

## Getting the components associated with an attribute type

You can retrieve the components associated with any supplemental attribute of a given type
using the function [`get_associated_components`](@ref).

 1. Get all components associated with any supplemental attribute of a given type.
    
    ```julia
    for component in get_associated_components(system, FixedForcedOutage)
        @show summary(component)
    end
    ```

 2. Same as #1, but filter the results by component type, which can be concrete or abstract.
    
    ```julia
    for component in
        get_associated_components(system, FixedForcedOutage; component_type = ThermalStandard)
        @show summary(component)
    end
    ```

## Getting component / supplemental attribute pairs

The function [`get_component_supplemental_attribute_pairs`](@ref) returns a vector of component / supplemental
attribute pairs based on types and optional filters. This can be more efficient than double for loops
that iterate over components and their associated attributes independently.

```julia
for (gen, outage) in get_component_supplemental_attribute_pairs(
    ThermalStandard,
    FixedForcedOutage,
    system,
)
    @show summary(gen) summary(outage)
end
```

## Adding Time Series to an attribute

## Existing Supplemental Attributes in PowerSystems

  - [`FixedForcedOutage`](@ref)
  - [`GeometricDistributionForcedOutage`](@ref)
  - [`PlannedOutage`](@ref)
  - [`GeographicInfo`](@ref)
  - [`ImpedanceCorrectionData`](@ref)

Commit message:

add get supplemental attributes method with component type input

docs/src/explanation/supplemental_attributes.md, after:

# [Supplemental Attributes](@id supplemental_attributes)

While the [`ext` field is a mechanism](@ref additional_fields) for adding arbitrary metadata. PowerSystems.jl, has moved towards a more structured and formalized way of handling supplemental data using `SupplementalAttribute` structs. This is designed to store metadata in a more organized fashion than a generic dictionary. These attributes are intended to be attached to a [`Component`](@ref) types.

Supplemmental attributes can be shared between components or have 1-1 relationships. This is particularly
useful to represent components in the same geographic location or outages for multiple components. Conversely, components can contain many attributes.

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    A["Attribute A"] --> B["Component 1"]
    A -->  C["Component2"]
    D["Attribute B"] -->  C["Component 2"]
    E["Attribute C"] -->  F["Component 3"]
```

Supplemental attributes can also contain timeseries in the same that a component can allowing the user to model time varying attributes like outage time series or weather dependent probabilities. See the section [`Working with Time Series Data`](@ref tutorial_time_series) for details on time series handling.

## Getting the attributes in a system

You can retrieve the attributes in a system using the function [`get_supplemental_attributes`](@ref).
You must pass a supplemental attribute type, which can be concrete or abstract. If you pass an abstract type, all concrete types
that are subtypes of the abstract type will be returned.

```julia
for outage in get_supplemental_attributes(FixedForcedOutage, system)
    @show summary(outage)
end
```

You can optionally pass a filter function to reduce the returned attributes. This example will
return only FixedForcedOutage instances that have a mean time to recovery greater than or equal to 0.5.

```julia
for outage in get_supplemental_attributes(
    x -> get_mean_time_to_recovery(x) >= 0.5,
    FixedForcedOutage,
    system,
)
    @show summary(outage)
end
```

## Getting the attributes associated with a component

You can retrieve the attributes associated with a component using the function [`get_supplemental_attributes`](@ref).
This method signatures are identical to the versions above that operate on a system; just swap the system for a component.

You must pass a supplemental attribute type, which can be concrete or abstract. If you pass an abstract type, all concrete types
that are subtypes of the abstract type will be returned.

```julia
gen1 = get_component(ThermalStandard, system, "gen1")
for outage in get_supplemental_attributes(FixedForcedOutage, gen)
    @show summary(outage)
end
```

You can optionally pass a filter function to reduce the returned attributes. This example will
return only FixedForcedOutage instances that have a mean time to recovery greater than or equal to 0.5.

```julia
for outage in get_supplemental_attributes(
    x -> get_mean_time_to_recovery(x) >= 0.5,
    gen,
    FixedForcedOutage,
)
    @show summary(outage)
end
```

## Getting the attributes associated with a component type

You can retrieve the attributes associated with any component of a given type
using the function [`get_associated_components`](@ref). If one attribute is attached to
multiple components of the given type, it will still only appear once in the result.

 1. Get all the attributes associated with all components of a given type.
    
    ```julia
    for outage in get_supplemental_attributes(ThermalStandard, system)
        @show summary(outage)
    end
    ```

 2. Same as #1, but filter the results by attribute type, which can be concrete or abstract.
    
    ```julia
    for outage in
        get_supplemental_attributes(ThermalStandard, system; attribute_type = FixedForcedOutage)
        @show summary(outage)
    end
    ```

## Getting the components associated with an attribute

You can retrieve the components associated with a single supplemental attribute using the
function [`get_associated_components`](@ref).

 1. Get all components associated with a single supplemental attribute.
    
    ```julia
    outage = first(get_supplemental_attributes(FixedForcedOutage, system))
    for component in get_associated_components(system, outage)
        @show summary(component)
    end
    ```

 2. Same as #1, but filter the results by component type, which can be concrete or abstract.
    
    ```julia
    outage = first(get_supplemental_attributes(FixedForcedOutage, system))
    for component in get_associated_components(system, outage; component_type = ThermalStandard)
        @show summary(component)
    end
    ```

## Getting the components associated with an attribute type

You can retrieve the components associated with any supplemental attribute of a given type
using the function [`get_associated_components`](@ref).

 1. Get all components associated with any supplemental attribute of a given type.
    
    ```julia
    for component in get_associated_components(system, FixedForcedOutage)
        @show summary(component)
    end
    ```

 2. Same as #1, but filter the results by component type, which can be concrete or abstract.
    
    ```julia
    for component in
        get_associated_components(system, FixedForcedOutage; component_type = ThermalStandard)
        @show summary(component)
    end
    ```

## Getting component / supplemental attribute pairs

The function [`get_component_supplemental_attribute_pairs`](@ref) returns a vector of component / supplemental
attribute pairs based on types and optional filters. This can be more efficient than double for loops
that iterate over components and their associated attributes independently.

```julia
for (gen, outage) in get_component_supplemental_attribute_pairs(
    ThermalStandard,
    FixedForcedOutage,
    system,
)
    @show summary(gen) summary(outage)
end
```

## Adding Time Series to an attribute

## Existing Supplemental Attributes in PowerSystems

  - [`FixedForcedOutage`](@ref)
  - [`GeometricDistributionForcedOutage`](@ref)
  - [`PlannedOutage`](@ref)
  - [`GeographicInfo`](@ref)
  - [`ImpedanceCorrectionData`](@ref)
